Mode of Employment: Fixed Term / 15/Week

Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry.

We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?

Then come and join our global team as working student (f/m/d) to assist us in the field of competitive intelligence (corporate strategy). 

Choose the best place for your work – Within the scope of this position, it is possible, in consultation with your manager, to work mobile (within Germany) up to an average volume of 60% of the respective working hours.

Your tasks and responsibilities:

You will support us with the analysis and summarisation of competitive reports, presentations and other information from a strategic perspective
You will help to prepare executive summaries and management presentations
You will support us in structuring relevant data and presenting it in a clear format tailored to the target audience
You will help to automate the collection and processing of competitive data using state-of-the-art tools
Together with us you will help to create interactive dashboards to provide relevant insights to internal stakeholders

To find out more about the specific business, have a look at https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/products-services

Your qualifications and experience:

You are currently studying Business Administration, Business Informatics, Medicine/Natural Sciences/Engineering or a comparable degree programme with a technical background
You are available for a period of at least six months
You are confident in using data analysis and modern AI tools and have excellent knowledge of Office applications, including PowerPoint and Excel

Your attributes and skills:

You have very good written and spoken English; knowledge of German is an advantage
You are motivated to transform strategic competitive issues into actionable, data-driven insights
You work proactively and practically, take responsibility for your support tasks and enjoy working at the interface of various disciplines (medicine, technology and corporate strategy)
Sounds like you? Then we look forward to hearing from you!

Our global team:

Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company. 73,000 dedicated colleagues in over 75 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.

Our culture:

Our culture embraces different perspectives, open debate, and the will to challenge convention. Change is a constant aspect of our work. We aspire to lead the change in our industry rather than just react to it. That’s why we invite you to take on new challenges, test your ideas, and celebrate success.

Check our Careers Site at https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/de/careers

As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.

#myabilityshs

Wish to find out more before applying? Contact us:

students.func@siemens-healthineers.com, if you wish to discuss any initial questions with our recruitment team.

We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. We ask instead that you create a profile in our talent community where you can upload your CV. Setting up a profile lets us know you are interested in career opportunities with us and makes it easy for us to send you an alert when relevant positions become open. Click here to get started.

To all recruitment agencies:

Siemens Healthineers' recruitment is internally managed, with external support permitted only when a qualified supplier has established a formal contract with us. Unsolicited candidate submissions and referrals, absent a current supplier contract, do not establish consent and are ineligible for fees. We delete and destroy unsolicited information, thus, would recommend you refrain from any such practices. Your adherence to our policies is appreciated.